{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello there.\
\
We are the A team. We are analytics and data visualisation specialists and we're strong advocates of the power of numbers to tell interesting and relevant stories for our society. We loved our experience at Unleashed and want to tell you about what we've built.\
\
We believe that Every child deserves ... and so does the South Australian Government. It's a strategic priority.\
\
It's a difficult thing to quantify, but the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS for short) reports a standard measure called the Australian Early Development Index (AEDI). It combines information across five domains: emotional. social. developmental etc 
\b (find out more)
\b0  and reports a single figure for each geographical area in the State. In this way, we can identify regions where children may be developmentally vulnerable, and try to do something about it.\
\
There are already maps on the Web that allow you to see where the problem areas are (
\b screenshot
\b0 ).\'a0We wanted to take this idea further. Instead of just mapping or reporting this Early Development Index, we wanted to know what was driving it and to share these insights with as many people as possible.\
\
We built:\
An interactive geographical data visualisation that allows decision makers to see the problem areas, but to also modify the key drivers and explore options for various intervention strategies. If you're going to spend money to fix a social problem, you'd better spend it in the most effective and efficient way.\
\
Web app for the public that allows them to check the Development Index for their community, and if they are in an @risk group, shows them locations of the nearest Child and Family Health Service to encourage them to make contact and get the help they might need. As always, prevention is better than cure.\
\
\
Our project\'a0\
\
To do this, we brought together several important skills\
\
Data science\
Web technologies\
IT infrastructure\
\
And we used the power of open data to help us do it.\
\
\
What we did\
\
Infrastructure\
We set up a Windows 2012 virtual server running on amazon.com's EC2 infrastructure and installed two Web servers. One supported our Web app for the public (IIS etc); the other supported our data visualisation for government agencies using Tableau Server 8. The servers talked to each other and we surfaced all content through the same Web interface. We built that too.\
\
Data\
\
Describe sources of data\
\
\
There are universal problems when you work with data: errors, missing values, strange formats, redundant data, irrelevant data. Data from different sources don't always fit nicely together. (square pef, round hole) This is especially true when you try to combine statistical data at one scale (SLA), with geographic data at a different scale (postcode). We found solutions to all these problems.\
\
Method\
(Include reference to R code)\
\
\
\
\
Results\
\
\
\
Conclusion\
}